Limit max pool size for parallel execution via config param (#3044)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/writing-tests.adoc

| a positive integer
| no default value

| ```junit.jupiter.execution.parallel.config.fixed.max-pool-size```

> | Desired maximum pool size of the underlying fork join pool for the ```fixed```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Desired maximum pool size of the underlying fork-join pool for the ```fixed```
```

  configuration strategy

> | a positive integer, must not be smaller then `junit.jupiter.execution.parallel.config.fixed.parallelism`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| a positive integer, must not be less than `junit.jupiter.execution.parallel.config.fixed.parallelism`
```
